Natalie Austin: Hello, how are you
Charles bachman: Good, how are you
Good.
Natalie Austin: My name is Natalie.
Charles bachman: Charles
Natalie Austin: Hello. Welcome to bright heart health.
Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Are you new to Suboxone therapy.
Charles bachman: No, I've been in one program before
Okay.
Charles bachman: It was just costing too much money.
Natalie Austin: Right, okay.
Natalie Austin: And you have care source. So we can take your insurance right
Natalie Austin: Yes, yes. Oh, good. Okay. Well, tell me about your, your story, like how you got started with opioids. How old were you, what was it an accident.
Charles bachman: Well, I was in high school and doing carpentry class and he's building a house for the Habitat for Humanity and fell apart to sort of rope and started from there and got injured and just sort of relax.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so. Yeah, you got it, you got it on opioids. This man until they stopped giving them to you as you had to buy him off the street.
Charles bachman: Yeah, and then they got too expensive. And that was, you know, the hormones cheaper and
Natalie Austin: So you started using IV drugs just okay
Natalie Austin: Will you ever diagnosed with Pepsi or HIV.
Natalie Austin: Pepsi, Pepsi. Okay. Did you get treated for that yet.
No.
Charles bachman: They said that had to be clean for so long before I can start program.
Natalie Austin: Okay. How long have you been playing
Charles bachman: I've been buying Xbox and off the street.
Charles bachman: Probably bout a month. I had a, you know,
Charles bachman: I think to with relapse since then.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so
Natalie Austin: See below been playing for maybe a week or so.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, did you take a you withdrawing right now.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, was last time you said as Suboxone
Charles bachman: Like four days ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Have you had use heroin in the last four days.
Charles bachman: No man.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay. Anything nope withdrawing on your own.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Did you go to any other Suboxone therapy like a treatment center anything
Charles bachman: Yeah, I was in
Charles bachman: Life springs recovery.
Charles bachman: Okay. And it was just, it was just costing too much like $350 a month.
Charles bachman: My insurance only pay for the prescription tried to have cash.
Charles bachman: And you know, it's kind of
Charles bachman: I recently broke both my heels. So I'm not able to work and I just really hard to come up with $350 A MONTH. PLUS, you know, my bills that
Charles bachman: Are due, you know,
Natalie Austin: Right, right.
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: So that was on and off for how long are you in that therapy without center.
Charles bachman: I'd say I was there probably five, six months.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you had a stretch of six months of being clean. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. That's the longest time you've been clean
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay. Well, that's a start. That's good. That means you can do it right.
Charles bachman: I feel like yeah I'm
Charles bachman: I'm not trying to you know somewhere, but I felt like Suboxone with my crutch like
Charles bachman: It, it made it so much easier like
Charles bachman: To fix myself because people think, you know, you got to put in the work also behind it as my thought. And I have no I have no willingness motivation to put in the work without them, you know, it just seems so much easier.
Natalie Austin: Me that you gotta look at the willingness to though she got
Natalie Austin: So it'll be an eternal fight and so
Natalie Austin: You know you're 90 forever. Yes, as it because I drugs, change the brain.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Do you need. You're always going to have that want need and strive to look for whatever so you gotta
Natalie Austin: You have to try to overcome that with your mom. Powerful mind. You know, you got to
Charles bachman: Do that because I got I got two boys.
Natalie Austin: Yep, Steve.
Charles bachman: six and four so
Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: So you gotta try to work with it to you gotta try to fight the urges, you know, do other things like exercise read
Charles bachman: Yeah, that's what I meant by
Natalie Austin: Dan disability for your injuries.
Charles bachman: No, not yet. I'm trying
Natalie Austin: Okay, are you able to get any other jobs like that don't require having to use your feet and work. You know, like the sit down job maybe
Charles bachman: I'm, I'm trying. I live. I live in a very country down like there was not a stoplight in my town.
Charles bachman: Like you know it's harder already good job on here unless it's, you know, lots of labor.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, a lot of factories.
Charles bachman: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I know I had a lot of factories in it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so your date of birth is may 25 1990 this man with 29 saw this started at what age did you say again.
Charles bachman: Ninth grade.
Natalie Austin: So what 16 maybe
Charles bachman: Yeah, I mean I was already
Charles bachman: I'd already you know done pills, but it wasn't wasn't to the extent that it was
Charles bachman: I'd say I'd done my first
Charles bachman: Percocet. When I was probably 13
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Cuz I'm people that have addiction have a predisposition to addiction, you know, like might be in your family.
Natalie Austin: But this you have to try to overcome.
Natalie Austin: What
Charles bachman: My dad was an alcoholic.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, see, that's it. He has the addictive gene, unfortunately, yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Going to chart here.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: And you said you have hep C as well.
Natalie Austin: Yes, when was that diagnosis.
Charles bachman: Um,
Charles bachman: But a year ago.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: It, hopefully. Once you get in with us or, you know, you can
Natalie Austin: Once you're clean, you know, for so long and get frequent then
Natalie Austin: That'd be great.
Charles bachman: Yeah, it seems like there's a lot you know riding on this so
Charles bachman: Well getting clinging in just for myself and then also for the happen.
Natalie Austin: For your kids.
Charles bachman: Yes, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you have a lot. You're right.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go into the your past medical history.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Any other medical issues, besides the hep C.
Charles bachman: Know, just
Charles bachman: Just Broken. Broken heels right now.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Do you have. Do you have chronic pain disorder.
Charles bachman: Not real. I mean I had surgery left one and my right when I'm supposed to have surgery on my heels spreading the poor, but it doesn't hurt at all. The one that I had surgery on is the one that hurts the worst, but it's not like it's not very chronic or nothing.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Charles bachman: Getting used to it.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Did you ever see a pain of chronic pain doctor at all.
Charles bachman: No, I see my surgeon and
Charles bachman: He was like, I don't know how you're walking your pain tolerance is incredible. He offered to give me a Percocet and I, too, am I am wanting so I never got into
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And
Charles bachman: He just gave me ibuprofen. A hundreds and
Charles bachman: Oh, I have a range or Renard
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, okay.
That's
Natalie Austin: Right nods.
Charles bachman: Yeah, right on my hands and feet swell and turn red and
Natalie Austin: Yep. Oh.
Natalie Austin: And when were you diagnosed with that.
Charles bachman: I'm just a few months ago.
Charles bachman: Oh really, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well that due to trauma like
Charles bachman: No, just every day my hands and feet are all swelled and read and everybody's like, why is your hands always to read and
Charles bachman: You know, I just went to the doctor because of it. And that's what they told me
Natalie Austin: Okay. Do you have high blood pressure, high cholesterol levels it know depression.
Charles bachman: Depression. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, are you take any medicine for it.
Charles bachman: No, I just get a trouser done for sleep.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Does that help
Charles bachman: Yes, the only time early take it is like when I'm withdrawing because
Charles bachman: I get really, really bad restless legs.
Natalie Austin: And
Charles bachman: I get very uncomfortable and I'll take a couple of those and it'll help me go to sleep. If not, then I'm miserable.
Charles bachman: But they seem to be working.
Natalie Austin: Good.
Natalie Austin: See a little bit of insomnia. I'll just put that in here to just goes
Natalie Austin: Do you know what what the trouble sleeping is from. Was it related anything specific just
Charles bachman: The withdrawal.
Natalie Austin: Okay you if you're not withdrawing you're able to sleep.
Charles bachman: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Legs.
Natalie Austin: Does the transit on how you said the president helps with restless leg.
Charles bachman: Yeah. What it just, it just puts me to sleep to where I don't don't feel it anymore.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: How much
Natalie Austin: Are you taking
Charles bachman: Just says a take one or two at night time is needed.
Natalie Austin: Like 50 milligrams 100 hundred and 50
Natalie Austin: Yeah, the bottle there.
Yeah.
Charles bachman: 50 milligrams
Okay.
Charles bachman: Well, heck bottles out right now.
Charles bachman: I'm pretty sure they're 50 milligram
Natalie Austin: Okay, if there's any changes, just let us know and I can update your list here.
Natalie Austin: And then on the other place you got your Suboxone. Do you remember that. What does was it
Charles bachman: Um, I got
Charles bachman: To eight milligram strips today.
Natalie Austin: It's the eight milligrams to within the locks on it. Right.
Charles bachman: Yes, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
Charles bachman: Yeah, that's what they started me out as and
Charles bachman: My last appointment that I went to.
Charles bachman: It was considering giving me the call today.
Charles bachman: What did they call it.
Charles bachman: As
Charles bachman: A spiritual increase. I don't know what they call it, but
Natalie Austin: Because
Charles bachman: I was having a little trouble, you know,
Charles bachman: Still having cravings and
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So let's, let's just let's try to continue with the same dose like
Natalie Austin: Eight to twice a day and just see how you do with it, and then we'll go from there. That's one. And then on
Natalie Austin: We can
Natalie Austin: Adjust from there. But maybe the morning one. Take a little bit later.
Natalie Austin: And then the
Natalie Austin: That way last a little bit longer throughout the day. Sometimes I find out whenever
Natalie Austin: It's quote not lasting, you might be taking the morning one too soon.
Natalie Austin: Just take the morning on not when you first get up like wait an hour, you know, that way it last longer. While you're awake. That make sense.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay, just see that works. Are you taking any other medications, besides those two
Natalie Austin: No. No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any allergies do anything.
No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: So let's go into the past medical history, you either have see
Natalie Austin: Russell slag insomnia related to withdraw.
Natalie Austin: mild depression.
Natalie Austin: I would say chronic pain syndrome. Just because you had you've had issues with
Natalie Austin: Injuries to your, you know, in an orthopedic injury. So I'll just throw that in the past medical history doesn't affect you at all, just
Natalie Austin: And then
Charles bachman: Yeah, they told me that I had explosive bipolar disorder. I was when recently I
Charles bachman: I tried to commit suicide and they put me in the psych ward or whatever and
Charles bachman: That that was a doctor depression. Depression and explosive up or
Natalie Austin: Are you taking any message for that.
Charles bachman: No, they gave deeper prescribing medicine and
Charles bachman: I don't know, I, I just haven't taken it.
Natalie Austin: Well, you should I mean by Paul is hard to
Natalie Austin: Um,
Charles bachman: I know I seen it, but it seems like like the only time I have like bro episodes is when I'm like withdrawn and got restless legs and can't sleep and it all seems to
Natalie Austin: Be relayed that yeah
Charles bachman: If I, if I'm on my soapbox and everything. I feel like everything's normal
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So when I say Explosive Disorder. What does that mean like you get mad.
Or like
Charles bachman: I let it build
Charles bachman: And build and
Charles bachman: Then when I explode. It's like over the top.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then, um, are you suicidal now. No.
Natalie Austin: And was that also just isolated in in terms of withdrawal or
Natalie Austin: You know suicide.
Charles bachman: No, he was just because the withdrawals in jail. And I was going through pretty bad and
Charles bachman: I mean, it wasn't
Charles bachman: I mean, yeah, I tried, but it wasn't like, like I knew I wasn't going to succeed. It was just kind of like a something needs to happen. I need to go to friggin hospital and not be here right now. So that's what they did, they transport me from the jail to the hospital.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Charles bachman: I was in the hospital for five days and then they come back to you.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Did you self inflict when he did that. Did you or did you just take pills.
Charles bachman: No was a sheet I taught a sheet around my neck into the bars.
Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: And that was while you were in jail.
Natalie Austin: Yes. And when was that remember
Charles bachman: To be exact. Now, I mean, probably
Charles bachman: Probably seven months ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha.
Natalie Austin: So history of suicide attempts, seven months ago on jail due to withdrawing again. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay so past surgical history. Do you have any have you had any surgeries.
Charles bachman: Just on my left you.
Charles bachman: Okay.
Charles bachman: Did you have to have surgery on my right, you
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: You still have your gallbladder your tonsils your appendix.
Charles bachman: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And how do you want to have that let that left heel surgery that you were 16
Charles bachman: No, no, it's just recently.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Yeah, it was.
Charles bachman: Like two months ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So let's go under.
Natalie Austin: Social History, are you married single divorced
Charles bachman: Single
Natalie Austin: And you have two kids.
Charles bachman: Yes.
Natalie Austin: And how old are they
Charles bachman: six and four.
Natalie Austin: Except for all boys. Yep. Huge saw
Natalie Austin: You live with them.
Charles bachman: Know they live with their mother and Pennsylvania.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you get to see him.
Yeah.
Charles bachman: Every now and then it's because it's you know it's little, little portal farther away, but my parents usually go and get them. And all that for me or
Charles bachman: Let me wonder vehicles or something in the
Charles bachman: During the ruble right now so
Charles bachman: Okay, then I'll be able to get him.
Nice.
Charles bachman: Good this weekend, I think.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: You, you're out employed right now you're looking
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Any tobacco, alcohol or marijuana use
Charles bachman: Tobacco, yes.
Natalie Austin: How much do you smoke.
Charles bachman: Probably have like a good
Natalie Austin: Okay, since like age 15 or yeah okay
Natalie Austin: Um, any IV drug use. Now,
Charles bachman: No, no.
Charles bachman: Let's relax.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's the last time you did that was how long ago sick. What
Charles bachman: Four or five days ago.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Chewing tobacco or just
Natalie Austin: No, no.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Do you have a psychiatrist that you see for the bipolar disorder.
Charles bachman: No, I just
Charles bachman: Dug national I was in the hospital. And then my family doctor is the one that prescribed me the trust down and the anti depression, but I don't take that
Natalie Austin: Just to trust him.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um okay so let's go under family, family history or your parents still alive.
Charles bachman: My mother.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Does she have any medical issues like diabetes, heart disease,
Charles bachman: She has seizures.
Charles bachman: Okay, but other not know
Natalie Austin: How old is she,
Charles bachman: She's born in 61
Natalie Austin: And your father. How old is he died.
Charles bachman: He was 6869
Natalie Austin: Did he died of cancer, diabetes,
Charles bachman: Learners cancer, cancer.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yes, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Did you have any brothers or sisters
Charles bachman: Two brothers and two sisters, but they're all have Girl two brothers and one sister through my dad. And then once the search through my mom.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Are they older younger you right in the middle.
Charles bachman: On the youngest
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you have any kids, besides the two boys. Nope. Nope. Just to, you know,
Charles bachman: No.
Natalie Austin: I'm teasing.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go under allergies. He said known allergies.
Natalie Austin: Medications, you're on the transit don't 5050 milligrams wanted to at night.
Natalie Austin: And then this about be savvy tax eight slash to film one twice a day.
Natalie Austin: No other medicines vitamins or anything. Nope, okay.
Natalie Austin: Go under the review of systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, now
Charles bachman: Yes.
Natalie Austin: We withdrawing now. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay. So you have all these symptoms and
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: So 14 point systems review.
Natalie Austin: Knows what no swelling. You have any headaches to
Charles bachman: Yeah, I haven't. Excellent.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, headaches or so and headaches to that.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Do you have restless legs now.
Charles bachman: Yes, yeah.
Natalie Austin: You are you will tonight.
Charles bachman: I've been tossing and turning all night.
Charles bachman: Because it yeah it's 10 it's 10:30am here now so
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm in Pennsylvania to
Charles bachman: Our
Natalie Austin: Right next door to. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so
Natalie Austin: Let's go into the physical exam and explain general, what about wonder white male exciting vital signs stable ephemeral
Natalie Austin: Next line.
Natalie Austin: How tall are you,
Charles bachman: I'm like, five, seven,
Natalie Austin: Okay so high five, seven, wait.
Charles bachman: I'm 140
Natalie Austin: I'm 40 okay
Natalie Austin: I'm at AMP T Perla cardiac causes and tag lungs my labor aspirations Advil understanding
Natalie Austin: Extremities know Dema Jenna tell you the first skin.
Natalie Austin: Or you looks like you're a little bit. You're sweaty, a little bit.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so
Natalie Austin: Mouth sweating present
Natalie Austin: Cycle around attempts three neuro cranial nerves attacks muscle skeletal five plus five reflexes intact.
Natalie Austin: Next line assessment, one of your opioid use disorder to depression three insomnia for restless leg syndrome five tobacco use.
Natalie Austin: Six.
Natalie Austin: Raynaud's phenomenon.
Natalie Austin: Seven history of IV drug use.
Natalie Austin: Eight hepatitis C.
Natalie Austin: And I try and plan will continue this Suboxone eight slash to film one p of the ID. We'll dispense 20 tabs today.
Natalie Austin: To follow up with your PCP with the other for the other medication for transit zone.
Natalie Austin: Three will begin individual, group therapy.
Natalie Austin: With
Natalie Austin: My heart health. Yes. On Thursday, Thursday's will have like a group meeting do medication management, I'll be in the group with Rochelle and they'll will discuss like all different topics. She's really good about
Natalie Austin: Covering really cool topics and then they'll do the individual therapy with you to
Natalie Austin: Just call it if you don't have the setup you just call back
Natalie Austin: And they'll send you an email out with that information.
Charles bachman: Yeah, it's, I think, one o'clock.
Natalie Austin: Yep, you got. Okay, you got the email already and then complete the urine drug screen.
Natalie Austin: And your lab work. Did you get that
Charles bachman: No, I, there was closed yesterday, but I'm going to call any gets fax number and all that so you guys can send the order
Okay.
Natalie Austin: They're usually pretty good about sending it over to the quest that's near you.
Charles bachman: Yeah, there wasn't there wasn't one near me. So I have to go to my family doctor
Natalie Austin: Oh, OK. OK, so we'll go to your PCP for the urine drug screen and lab word. Okay, perfect. And then once clean for six months, you can have will get hepatitis C treatments. That'll be one of our goals. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yep.
Natalie Austin: So we're gonna have will work with you to help you get stay clean keep you on track. Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: And then tobacco cessation is important to just try to, I know you're only stuck to half a pack a day, which is good. I've spoken to people that smoke 4.3 packs a day so well.
Natalie Austin: At least least it's a half as good
Natalie Austin: But still just you to try to decrease it because it's not good for you.
Natalie Austin: Yes, especially if your dad had cancer, you know, you might have you have cancer in your family, unfortunately.
Charles bachman: His mom and his ball roll through
Natalie Austin: Oh geez. Okay. Hearing your predisposition to that too.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah. So be careful that
Natalie Austin: Healthy Eating exercise is good for you to
Natalie Austin: Healthy maintenance to
Natalie Austin: Make healthy choices.
Natalie Austin: Um, we'll review the oars oars on the computer.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
Charles bachman: No man I'm yeah
Charles bachman: I'm pretty sure, sure, sure.
Charles bachman: I'm due for pre authorization. I don't know what I thought until do an extra something different on your end, but I do know that
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let me I have to send an email over to on it. So my secretary for that. Okay, so let me get your pharmacy information here.
Natalie Austin: Do you have a pharmacy in your area that you use.
Charles bachman: Yeah schreiber's
Charles bachman: Okay on North kennebunk Avenue.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Charles bachman: Um,
Charles bachman: I don't want to lose you, but I can get in my contacts and get you the phone number.
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah. As long as you don't X out of it.
Natalie Austin: You won't lose weight. You just don't just don't hit the end button I'm
Natalie Austin: Looking on my phone just this
Natalie Austin: Song. You don't X out, you should be fine.
Charles bachman: Okay. Is 7409
Natalie Austin: They have BMW pharmacy in here. Is that wrong.
Charles bachman: That's Beverly yeah that's i mean i i can use them, but it's a little. It's a little farther, it's harder for me to get there.
Natalie Austin: No, I could change it. Okay, so what's this new place.
Charles bachman: Right schreiber's
Okay.
Charles bachman: Farms me on North cannabis.
Natalie Austin: How do you spell drivers s
Charles bachman: H. R. I. V or S.
Charles bachman: Or might be called health Mart because they call it both. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: What's the zip code for that for 30787
Charles bachman: That stock for McCall's will is a different thing.
Natalie Austin: That I can, I can try to run it without a zip. Let's see what
Natalie Austin: The risk is coming up here.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um, there's a bunch of drivers, pharmacy, which one
Charles bachman: Is its own North kind of back
Charles bachman: in McAllen real Ohio.
Natalie Austin: There's cut bills angel MacArthur Athens Nelson Logan McConnell's bill. There you go. One to five North kind of back
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay, perfect. Okay, we got it them.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll send you a text just saying I sent it out.
Natalie Austin: OK, so
Natalie Austin: The lockdown eight slash to film one twice a day. I'm spends 28 that's a two week script.
Natalie Austin: On today.
Natalie Austin: Sending it now.
Natalie Austin: Drivers
Natalie Austin: Today call you whenever it's ready.
Charles bachman: No calling there and talk to them.
Hold
Natalie Austin: Me, one sec, up to validate it here.
Natalie Austin: Okay 375203
Natalie Austin: Sign and send here.
Natalie Austin: Is through here.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah but one through. Okay. So yeah, we'll just call and they get an hour to be ready in an hour.
Charles bachman: Okay, well, it's a pre authorization do for my insurance paperwork.
Natalie Austin: That's right. Right. Let me send her a note here about that. Hold on. Sec. Just don't leave me at here okay yeah let me let them know I have you on here.
Natalie Austin: Free off.
Natalie Austin: Needed for Charles
Natalie Austin: Why does the prices every three months. Right.
Charles bachman: I think care source. I think he told me a pre authorization was good for a year, but I could be wrong.
Natalie Austin: Oh. Oh, good. Okay.
Charles bachman: Yeah, but they said that they wouldn't pay for it wasn't one of my medications that they would pay for. And when I called they said it was just a pre authorization
Charles bachman: That they just had to ask my doctor, a few questions regarding why I need to take it or whatever. And because it was a schedule narcotic or whatever.
Natalie Austin: And then, and
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: OK.
Natalie Austin: I said, has Rx in
Natalie Austin: Suboxone
Natalie Austin: To
Natalie Austin: Number 28
Natalie Austin: And it's drivers again. Yes, ma'am. So I'm on a different screen here. Okay.
Natalie Austin: schreiber's
Natalie Austin: Why farms.
Natalie Austin: What part of Ohio's that
Charles bachman: That's McConnell's real Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I've never heard of that one.
Charles bachman: Yes, it's a country town.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That near Mansfield
Charles bachman: Know that's like that's like three hours away.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha. I'm I'm by Boardman I'm right over the border from Boardman Ohio.
Charles bachman: Okay, my kids live in Washington, PA.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, okay.
Perfect. Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's about an hour for me go right down 79 so
Natalie Austin: You're, you're near to Stephenville
Charles bachman: No more self.
Natalie Austin: No.
Charles bachman: Yeah, I'm like,
Natalie Austin: I'm near Marianne upon
Natalie Austin: I'm near America MapQuest on where you are.
Natalie Austin: One of the main towns around it called
Charles bachman: Like like zanesville is like like 45 minutes away or Athens or Marietta
Charles bachman: Are there.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, I think we're done. I think we've covered everything ok ok give you the questions for me.
Natalie Austin: No, ma'am. Okay, let my secretary knows that you need a prior rocks and she'll be working on that right now. Okay.
Charles bachman: All right. Thank you very much. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Nice meeting you. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Hello.
Jenette Lockett: Can you hear me okay I'm sorry, I just got done oil, how are you
Jenette Lockett: Okay, good. I got done right time.
Jenette Lockett: To do it yesterday, but I'm running late this week.
Jenette Lockett: I did you ask the job, am I glad to do it.
Jenette Lockett: I was asking the secretary. Again, I don't find that
Jenette Lockett: I was just looking up for that class lab to go get my lab. I was going to drive to work. I didn't know
Jenette Lockett: But there's not really one around here, but I've, you know, pretty much anywhere and get you think are hospitals. My me somebody should be able to get
Jenette Lockett: A black
Jenette Lockett: Lab.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, as long as you can go anywhere as long as you have your requisition and they send us the results. I should be fine.
Jenette Lockett: Okay, okay. Yeah. Cuz I've been going well. I've been at bright view for who knows how many years.
Jenette Lockett: But I feel like I haven't got lab work there. And while so yeah I'll have to get it done anyway. Okay. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: How do you spell your last name.
Jenette Lockett: Is Liu CK et te
Natalie Austin: Si K
Natalie Austin: L. You see, Chase.
Natalie Austin: Jeanette.
Jenette Lockett: Yes, ma'am, yes.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Your new with us today.
Jenette Lockett: I am going to start DNA January and then my phone messed up. And now I got an iPhone. I don't know how to work my first and then I don't think they're all that they say they are
Jenette Lockett: Backwards.
Jenette Lockett: Trying to figure it out and slowly but surely
Natalie Austin: Right back because I think the last person is still stuck on here.
Jenette Lockett: Hold on one second here. I'm sorry what was that
Natalie Austin: I want to hang up and then happy you enter back in the room.
Jenette Lockett: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I think the last person.
Natalie Austin: Is still on here. So I want to
Tell
Jenette Lockett: You that right now.
Jenette Lockett: Right now.
Natalie Austin: In one minute. Okay.